Forget me.
The store managers, they are all liars.
I'm also right.
Last time I paid thousands in advance to book a room at Long Xuyen hotel
If you don't come to watch, Long Xuyen's trip will be cancelled.
This gift is also regrettable.
Give it to me.
Store director.
I am the owner of this dress.
The man in front of you.
A protector of girls
Because there is an agreement with the guardian.
So anonymous anonymous rural sports students
Including what's in your hand.
Also Lake specially made for him.
Ha ha, it turns out you are, it's a fake.
I am the owner of this dress.
Only you are a poor sales ghost.
Look at this girl.
Latest model from Chanel
A button on his body.
All are worth millions.
Your eyes can see who is real and who is fake.
You two go away quickly.
Dirty all the floors in our store.
He kicked them both out.
I'll let you get back to work.
I see who dares to touch my assistant's workers.
Don't you want to live in the countryside anymore?